[HOME](https://trekshcool.github.io/Ironman3/index)
# Technology List
## 'J.A.R.V.I.S' (Artificial Intelligence Assistant):
- Timestamps: Whole Movie
- Description: J.A.R.V.I.S. is an artifical intellgence who can respond the instructions form Tony Stark's thoughts and emotions. It is connected to global information networks and mainly uses holograms as his main interface to communicate with Tony and give him access anything he needs or wants.
- Category: Existing 
- Realistic: Some part of this techonlogy is developed by Big companys today. For instance, [Amazon Alexa](https://developer.amazon.com/zh/alexa-skills-kit/conversational-ai) is a conversational A.I. which allows users simply cummincate in language we already know with Alexa to give instructions. Also, [Google Assistant](https://assistant.google.com/#?modal_active=none) is another conversational A.I. which allows using voice controls to access every google service through google platform, such as texting messages to others, connecting to the smart house equipments and other services.

## 'Dum-E and U' (Autonomous Robot Arm)
- Timestamps: Whole Movie in Stark Lab
- Description: Dum- E and U are the robots Tony Stark uses as assistants in his workshop. He made Dum-E in his father's creations, U is used to do the registration of Stark's work using a video camera. they had even saved his life, yet Stark constantly gets angry at the robots. More importantly, Dum-E and U had helped make some of Stark's armors. In movie "Iron Man", Dum-E and U helped Tony Stark make the Mark II. When Obadiah Stane decided to steal his Arc Reactor, Stark almost died, but Dum-E saved his life. Then, in "Iron Man 2", Tony Stark used U to serve champagne when he appointed Pepper Potts as new CEO of Stark Industries. In "Ironman 3", Stark was testing the Mark XLII, he gave Dum-E a Dunce cap for something it had done.
- Category: Exicting, achieved some basic applications and will have more intelligence in the future
- Realistic: It is existed in industries area. [Volkswagen](https://www.forbes.com/sites/jenniferhicks/2013/08/29/volkswagen-turns-robotic-arms-into-production-assistants/#2d1cecde29fd) has integrated an industrial robotic to collaborate directly with employees at a Volkswagen plant in Salzgitter Germany.(2013) It is the first collaborative six-axis robotic arm in use at Volkswagen worldwide.It can achieve the same functionalities as Dum-E and U did. Another robot called [Dr.Robot](http://fortune.com/2013/01/15/meet-your-next-surgeon-dr-robot/) is a surgeon robot arm assistant operated by users to do the accurate opeartions inside the patient body.

## 'Vitural Reality, Augment Reality and Mixed Reality' 
- Timestamps: Whole Movie in Stark Lab; Helmet Display in suit.
- Description: Mark series armer suit has the built in HUD (Head-up Display) which is a kind of augment reality. In "Iron Man 3", Tony's Helmet has five icons which are kept persistently in the lower part:suit status-, targeting-, and optics-, rader-, artificial horizon-, and object-sensitive awareness.The HUD's visor allows Tony to see the world around him as if he ware not wearing it and gave the most usedful data to Stark. Also, Tony Stark's holograms is a combination of VR, AR and MR.From the audience's perspective, Tony is immersed in 3-D demonstrations that he can watch from all sides and fully interact with, very easily.
- Category: HUD is existing; Holograms is in fiction.
- Realistic: Head-up Display is existing in military use. United States military is getting [High-Tech Helmets](https://www.businessinsider.com/david-cenciotti-f-22-raptor-getting-high-tech-helmets-2013-3) for F-22 Raptor Pilots which can show all the information pilots needed: Statistics about the airplane, missile targeting operation and route tracking display which is very similar as Tony's suit did.
