# PLOT-TIMELINE

### PLOT 1
Tony Stark begins telling the events of the movie to Bruce Banner; He recalls a New Year's Eve party in 1999; Stark meets the eccentric and physically disabled Aldrich Killian, who promotes his company, Advanced Idea Mechanics. However, Stark, deciding to research another operation, Extremis with Maya Hansen misleads Killian into believing he was interested in his ideas. He sends him to wait on the roof, never intending to show up. Stark witnesses the powers of Extremis first-hand, as it can genetically manipulate living organisms. As the New Years fireworks go off, Killian is left alone on the roof.

### PLOT 2
Following the Battle of New York, Tony Stark has spent all his time building dozens of new powered suits. It is clear that his near death experience while destroying the Chitauri has had a deep effect on him, as he starts showing signs of post traumatic stress disorder. During a meeting with James Rhodes, who is now known as the Iron Patriot with the War Machine armour now sporting a Captain America-inspired paint job. The two discuss a new terrorist leader known as the Mandarin. Rhodes reveals there have been more bombings than have been reported on the news, and intelligence agencies have been left mystified by the lack of physical evidence left behind. Rhodes insists that Stark not get involved, as the US Government is keen to handle this themselves to reassure people who have been left nervous following the Chitauri invasion. The discussion is interrupted when two children ask Stark to sign a drawing of him carrying the nuclear missile through the wormhole, and the image clearly puts Stark on edge. When one of the children asks how he escaped the wormhole, this triggers a severe panic attack and Stark leaves abruptly, concerning Rhodes.
